README.md, before:

Clicker Heroes Transcensions History
======================================

Quickly and easily see ascension history data for old transcendence, the project is still under development, more stuff comming here soon...

## Contributing

Before creating an issue, please ensure that it hasn't already been reported/suggested.

If you wish to contribute to the *Clicker Heroes Transcensions History* codebase or documentation, feel free to fork the repository and submit a pull request. we follow the "fork-and-pull" Git workflow.

 1. **Fork** the repo on GitHub
 2. **Clone** the project to your own machine
 3. **Commit** changes to your own branch
 4. **Push** your work back up to your fork
 5. Submit a **Pull request** so that we can review your changes

> **NOTE:** Be sure to merge the latest from "upstream" before making a pull request!

## Got any questions?

You can catch me on my [Discord support server](https://discord.gg/ZpJDKzf) for my Discord bot [AvaIre](https://github.com/avaire), or DM me on Discord at Senither#0001.

## License

*Clicker Heroes Transcensions History* is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Add link to live page in readme

README.md, after:

Clicker Heroes Transcensions History
======================================

Quickly and easily see ascension history data for old transcendences, the project is still under development, more stuff coming here soon...

In the meantime you can checkout a live version of the app at https://ch-transcensions-history.senither.com/

## Contributing

Before creating an issue, please ensure that it hasn't already been reported/suggested.

If you wish to contribute to the *Clicker Heroes Transcensions History* codebase or documentation, feel free to fork the repository and submit a pull request. we follow the "fork-and-pull" Git workflow.

 1. **Fork** the repo on GitHub
 2. **Clone** the project to your own machine
 3. **Commit** changes to your own branch
 4. **Push** your work back up to your fork
 5. Submit a **Pull request** so that we can review your changes

> **NOTE:** Be sure to merge the latest from "upstream" before making a pull request!

## Got any questions?

You can catch me on my [Discord support server](https://discord.gg/ZpJDKzf) for my Discord bot [AvaIre](https://github.com/avaire), or DM me on Discord at Senither#0001.

## License

*Clicker Heroes Transcensions History* is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
